and as
the astral plane
we start with this analysis so
expected while end wonders about
if there is more life on the planets and due
to the influence of the comet he enters
a state where it is possible to have a
astral travel astral travel are
supposed detachments of the soul the
which can travel to different places
we can even see ourselves
while we are in this state it is fine
known that purpose has traveled
previously to the astral plane in those
occasions was to be able to contact his
astral beast and in another to travel the
pillow world to the land of usa but
in this episode we will see him travel to
through different parts of the earth
from the USA in order to see what it is that
it happens in several locations among them
you can see the fox that was seen in
the episode of five other stories
you cut your spiritual representation or
astral of it which still has
consciousness and it is shown in the series
also when mentioning fine rubber we
indicates that it was the fox of the episode the
storytellers
with the princess, the jumper
that she has a picture with a silhouette
human which could have belonged
someone who lived previously there
a reference to the humans of the
war this because of the silhouette with
human form in addition to the objects that
you see in it you also have to stand out
the panic room which could be
used as an anti-bomb shelter since
has cupboards with food reserves and
canned food even has a
camera to see outside something very
strange is that passwords do not
coincide they could even say that the
door can be opened with any
four- digit combination though
It could also be the case that
it has more than one combination
later we will see simón in a party the
which can do ice magic without using
the crown this could be a
contradiction to everything that is known about
the crown but it is also known that
can do ice magic without being a magician
since this was seen with the appearance of
episode the camera of the knives
frosts in which we are
jake doing ice magic without owning
a crown only the book is used and
symbols of brothers although it is also
speaks of the wand that the king has
ice cream which more than a flag
it could be a magical one with which you can
make your power ice cold when you finally speak
of Simon he refers to the incentive of
be sad all the time which
would be in this case eternal life to
change your happiness we will even see
then to marcelín singing very close to
where is Simon
this makes reference to her
he never moves away from him and he always is
watching I will be honest with you from
that rebecca instead abandoned the show
songs by marcelín looked
affected and there are no good songs
the series still to date I still do not understand
why there is food in space the
star man refers to him
I did not know there were weapons on Mars
also wonders against whom
would use those weapons showing us so
the civilization of Mars could have to
an old enemy even some
participation in some war
and he mentions it to the comet and says it is
a kind of catalyst agent the
which is linked to a big change in the
civilization by which indicates us that
it is strange that it is not yet the date for
that this is hit against the earth
much less this would crash on Mars
this tells us that the real comet
which comes every thousand years has not yet arrived
to the earth showing so that inside
little the comet will crash in the
planet end refers to the creation of
life in how wonderful it is and in
how everything brings us to the end
inevitable death itself asks
if there will be no more in life than just
live and die that's why the club
He decides to sacrifice in order to save a
your civilization
ah
do not